Add Loading Classes Docs, Fix errors/typos, Improve local serve (#221)
datajoint/datajoint-docs: contents/admin/5-blob-config.rst

6. Each database schema has an auxiliary table named ``~external_<storename>`` for each configured external store.

   It is automatically created the first time external storage is used.

>    The primary key of ``~external_<storename>`` is the external storage name and the hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The primary key of ``~external_<storename>`` is the hash of the data (for blobs and attachments) or of the relative paths to the files for filepath-based storage.
```
